During Zain’s travels through the woods, he encounters a gigantic Boar being guarded by two smaller pigs. 
He notices the boar has a number of large scars made by a number of sword slashes and arrows on its side, 
with part of one of its ears missing. This will be a tough fight against a dangerous foe! Will he engage in battle?
<nextPart>After the battle, Zain collects the loot dropped by the Boar, 
and in amongst all the loot he notices a large green unknown gemstone. 
<nextPart>Zain has encountered the Bandit Chief Max who dwells in the Forest of Frea, this deadly foe commands the 
thieves of the woods who target passing travellers and valuable deliveries. Zain lurks behind some crates in the 
bandit’s camp waiting for his chance to strike. This battle will be a true test of his skill. Defeating this enemy 
will surely cause Zain to gain fame and become renowned as a Bandit Slayer.
<nextPart>Panting, Zain stands slowly recovering from the harsh fight. Seeing Max’s body lying still on the floor 
surrounded by a number of weaker bandits, Zain stumbles over to the main tent and inside uncovers a gigantic 
loot chest. On approaching the chest, he notices a warm glow from inside his satchel. Zain opens the satchel and
notices the gemstone radiating pulsing light! In shock he drops the bag and takes a step back to absorb what is happening,
he has never seen anything like it before! Zain considers his options, and then realizes that he could take the stone
to the wizards of Frea.
<nextPart>Once in Frea, Zain decides to take the unknown gemstone to the Wizard’s guild. Zain’s name has become
renowned throughout Frea and Elysia, though his purpose has stayed true, people have requested Zain to do mercenary work. 
Which although would be high in pay, would distract Zain from his true intentions. 

Zain reaches the gate of the Wizard’s guild. He approaches the armed guards and requests an audience with the High Wizard.
“Only approved wizards may enter the guild” the guard replies. Zain removes the gemstone from his pocket and presents
it to the guard. “I must show this to the high wizard”, the guard exams the stone for a moment and then begins to laugh 
“ha ha ha! Well then kid, I am certain that pretty stone of your’s is mighty valuable.” 
“But is was glowing with a strange light I have never seen about or heard of.” replied Zain. 
With a shocked expression “Oh well that is rather odd, let me check if any of the wizards could show you into the guild.” 
The guard walks away and returns in a few minutes accompanied by a tall man wearing long purple robes. 
The wizard gestures at Zain “Right this way.” 

Zain walks through the large open halls of the guild, up some spiralling staircases and then finally arrives at
some massive wooden doors. The wizard turns to face Zain “Wait here.” He then walks away. After a few moments the
doors creak open slowly, “Enter.” a deep bellowing voice echoes from the room. Zain enters the wizard’s study, as a 
glowing ball of light quickly flies over his head as he ducks reactively. An old man with a large sorcerer’s hat was
sat at his desk, with a number of the balls of light hovering around his head. As he stands up to turn, he speaks 
“I am Gillius high wizard of Frea, show me what you have brought for me”. 
Zain approaches Gillius and takes the gemstone out of his pocket, presenting it to him. 
“Hm”, Gillius examines the stone carefully, “What you have found here is an enchanting stone. 
This one in particular is an Emerald. They can be used to refine weaponry to give it special properties and bonuses. 
But it requires the strength and intellect to perform this process. 
I will test you myself to see if you are ready to learn this arte”. 
“This is a lot to take in all at once.” Zain exclaims. Will Zain decide to take the High Wizard’s challenge?
 
<nextPart>“Well done! You show excellent potential, I am willing to teach you how to use the refining process to enchant your weaponry” 
Gillius remarks. The wizard walks away for a moment and returns with a large book. 
“This is for you, take it with you, written inside are the directions for using the refining system. 
Head to the Skeleton Keep in Havenport to discover more about this lost secret”. 
“Thank you” Zain replies. Zain leaves the guild with the guide in his inventory and heads into the city of Frea
to discover more about the city.

<nextPart>Travelling through Frea, Zain uncovers a lot about enchanting and how to use it to his advantage in battle. 
But once arriving in Havenport, Zain learns about the Skeleton Keep from the town’s people. They mention to him that 
there are rumours of the Skeleton King guarding a huge treasure and that a lot of people have gone missing in search of it. 
Facing this challenge Zain decides to proceed and uncover the truth behind all of this, after all the High Wizard
had directed him to visit Skeleton Keep. Could the treasure have something to do with refining at all? He decides 
to go and find out for himself.

After walking a short distance Zain reaches the entrance of Skeleton Keep, lurking around the entrance are two shady looking men. 
Taking a closer look Zain notices that they are pirates! He approaches the entrance carefully in order to sneak past the 
pirates to get inside. Once inside he hears a loud bellowing voice coming from the depths of the keep, 
he figures that it must be more pirates, maybe even their leader. Were they here for the treasure as well?
 
Heading deeper into the dark and gloomy keep Zain comes across a lit campfire with a number of pirates sitting around it. 
Suddenly, a gigantic figure emerges from a tent close by, towering over the other pirates it begins to walk closer to the campfire. 
The campfire reveals his face and Zain then realizes that it was a huge man cloaked in a pirate coat. 
One leg missing, large black beard and a captain’s hat. This man must be their leader. 
“How long until the other’s return, we need to find this treasure before anyone comes here sniffing around”, he shouts, 
his voice echoes throughout the hollow room. “I don’t know cap’n” replies one of the smaller pirates trembling with fear. 
“I can’t wait much longer, I want to get my hands on this treasure as soon as possible” The captain spits in his face 
shadowing over him.
 
Zain seizes this opportunity to charge forwards and attack a number of the pirates, stabbing them silently from behind. 
They fall one by one, but then the captain turns sharply to see Zain and stares him directly in the eyes with a menacing dark stare. 

<nextPart>Withdrawing his sword from the Captain’s chest Zain stands triumphant over the pirates, recovering his 
stamina from a number of the pirate’s supplies he heads deeper into the cave to uncover the truth behind the treasure.

<nextPart>Progressing through the Keep, it begins to get darker and darker, amongst the number of foes the walls are covered
with skulls that seem to be watching Zain as he moves through the maze of tunnels and passages. All of a sudden, 
up ahead he notices a bright light and moves with caution towards it. Once reaching the end of the passageway it opens up into
a large oval room, the throne room of the keep. In the centre there is a large pedestal, Zain examines it closely and sees 
words written on the sides of the pillar. The ancient language seems familiar to Zain and he pronounces the words loudly, 
the sound emits from his mouth and echoes in the chamber. 

Suddenly the room begins to shake, as a large stone drops on the doorway behind him. The ground begins to crack at Zain’s feet
and he jumps back in shock, a gigantic skull emerges from the ground followed by the rest of the skeleton. 
Towering over him the huge skeleton, 10 metres in height, begins to move. 
“He, who has rested the slumber of the Skeleton King, I shall accept your challenge to deem thee worthy of the 
possession of this power and my treasure” Zain stumbles back for a moment but then a passion ignites within him
willing him to fight on against this gigantic monster.

<nextPart>The Skeleton seizes to move and then shatters into a fine dust. A spiritual voice can be heard in the
chamber “You have bested me, take the reward you have earned and go on to become the legend you were born to be”.
In front of Zain, the pedestal begins to turn and rise as a blue eerie light emits from the stone’s veins. 
Beneath the pedestal appears a sealed scroll and a mountain of treasures. Zain opens the scroll and begins to 
read the secrets that have been kept for centuries. Uncovering the ability to enhance his equipment and combat 
ability further Zain decides to console with Gillius, the High Wizard as to what this could all mean. 

<nextPart>On returning to the Wizard’s Guild it appears that Gillius has been waiting for Zain’s arrival and 
welcomes him in quickly. The wizard directs Zain to the basement of the guild and confronts him about the 
treasure he has found in the Skeleton Keep. “Show me what you found.” His eyes begin to glow red. 
“You seem to be very eager about this, I do not think I should share this with anyone, I just wanted to
ask a few questions regarding what I could do with this information” Zain replies. 
“I can help you with anything you may need, I just need the scroll” The wizard remarks. 
“Who said anything about a scroll?” Zain mentions. 
“Hand over the scroll child, you do not know what powers you are dealing with” The wizards voice becomes
hoarse and his eyes glow a dark red now. “I said hand over the scroll!” The Wizard launches a ball of fire
at Zain, who quickly dodges rolling to the left. The tight room makes for movement very difficult but Zain
takes cover behind a wooden table. “Hand over the scroll Zain or I will kill you for it, I must thank you 
for fetching it for me. The pirates and Skeleton king were causing me so many issues”. 
“You set me up!” Zain yells loudly and turns to face the wizard with anger. Gillius stood there with shadowy
figures emitting from his body, he launches another fireball and this time Zain blocks it with his sword
which begins to glow a hot red. Zain leaps forwards and strikes down at Gillius.

<nextPart>Gillius speaks slowly to Zain “You have bested me, I let the hunger for power possess me, 
but wield that power carefully. There are many who now wish to see you dead. Head to Stormhold, there you 
will find your next challenge. The prophecy mentions a man who can battle gods, you must obtain this power 
by seeking help from the ancients of Stormhold.” Gillius’ robe bursts into flames and all that remains is a pile of ash.
 
<nextPart>Zain embarks on the large ship headed for Stormhold, the military outpost of Theresus. 
After a few hours of travelling a storm begins to approach the ship from the horizon which is followed 
by the sea beginning to move more violently. This causes Zain to feel very uneasy as the boat swings from side to side. 
Out of nowhere a loud roar bellows from the ocean and then a gigantic sea monster shoots out from the water. 
At a height of 30 meters, the great monster, displaying its green scales and enormous teeth at the ship’s crew, 
attacks the boat with a mighty dive. The monster then emerges again at the cry of the captain “Sea Serpent!” 
This causes the whole crew to take to their stations, reading canons and shooting with rifles at the creature. 
Zain stares directly at the creature and jumps forwards onto the creature’s back, stabbing it numerous times between its solid scales.
 
<nextPart>The storm dies down as the creatures body floats to the surface and the crew begin to cheer and chant Zain’s name. 
The captain walks over to Zain who is covered in water, soaking wet, and presents him with a large sum of rewards, 
“You saved mi ship lad, and along with it my life. I cannot repay you ‘nough.” The ship continues on its journey to Stormhold.

<nextPart>Upon reaching the summit of the Ancient’s Peak in Stormhold, Zain speaks loudly 
“I am here to learn from an Ancient how to defeat any foe.” A rustling can be heard close by as a small figure
cloaked figure approaches Zain and presents him with a scroll. It reads that a man in Stormhold has stolen the
ancient’s power and in order for them to help Zain, he must defeat this man who claims to be the rightful
King of Theresus. And that once this task is done the ancients will teach him how to face the terrors of Dragonkeep.
 
Zain then embarks back down the mountain and makes his way towards the city of Stormhold. It did not take him long 
for Zain to uncover the identity of the man from the townspeople, his name is Veraxus. 
Veraxus is standing in the middle of the town centre chanting and speaking in front of a crowd about how he will 
lead a rebellion against the King of Theresus. Zain approaches Veraxus and notices a large sword strapped around 
his waist that is encrust with precious gemstones that resemble enchanting stones. That might be the power he 
stole from the Ancients. “I’d like to challenge your right to rule, Veraxus” Zain interrupts. 
“Oh, it seems we have a smartass here, who thinks that he is better than me” Veraxus replies arrogantly. 
“Very well young one, I will accept your challenge, meet me outside Stormhold city for our duel… to the death”.
 
<nextPart>The crowd’s faces are stunned with a look of complete shock as Zain arises victorious. He retrieves the 
sword from Veraxus stiff hand, and heads off back towards the Ancient’s Peak. Once at the peak, the small creature 
approaches him again and Zain presents him with the sword. This time the creature sniffs the sword and gestures it 
back to Zain, reaching into its pocket the creature pulls forth another scroll for Zain. This time it says 
“Thank you child of prophecy for assisting us in our peril. This sword will allow you to learn the true potential of swordcraft. 
Head to Dragonkeep to face your final challenge and prove to us that you are the hero of humanity.”

<nextPart>The journey into the caverns of Dragonkeep were pushing Zain to his physical limit, scaling walls and descending shafts. 
But he felt it become hotter with every step he took towards the centre. Molten lava began to flume out of the earth as Zain lands 
in the large open chamber at the core of the island. “I have waited for you child, many have ventured here seeking true glory, 
but none have had a scent like yours. A scent of power, will, truth and triumph.” A scaled monster descends from the ceiling of 
the cavern, razor sharp claws embedded into the rock. The monster then expands its gigantic wings and roars “I am Kuldan, the overlord 
dragon ruler of this sacred land. And I greet you puny human as an adversary who may be worthy of obtaining my ferocious power”. 
Kuldan then lands on the ground, tremors shake Zain’s entire body and a hint of fear, he had not experienced before, begins to run 
through his mind. Zain stands strong, raises his sword and takes a final breath. 

<nextPart>“Very well human, you have defeated me. As to my agreement you shall obtain my power” Kuldan reaches out and extends 1 claw, 
touching Zain’s chest gently. A surge of power filled with a red hot burning sensation runs through Zain’s veins. He collapses and begins 
to roll around, burning from the inside out and the pain so intense. A few moments of agonizing pain pass and Zain recovers, standing 
slowly at first. “Well done, you have proven yourself worthy of this gift”. Kuldan’s eyes look wisely at Zain “You may use this power to 
progress your swordcraft to its ultimate form. Take this as a sign of your achievement” Kuldan then uses his tail to swipe a large package 
from the other side of the cavern towards Zain. “Make your way back to your homeland, I am certain your journey is far from over. By now, 
he must have sensed your presence. But be careful human, he will not be as willing to help you as I have been.” 
“I thank you kindly Kuldan, it has been a great honor to fight against you in battle. But if what you say is true and there 
is a greater threat, please let me know all you can!” Zain says, presenting his respect to the ancient dragon. 
“I have said all I can, for now, it is up to you to find out the meaning behind my words. Go home, rest, and make sure you are at your full potential.”

<nextPart>“Ah Zain, I was not wrong to expect you to want to challenge me” A voice, like no other, cold yet filled with anger, 
speaks directly to Zain. “Who’s there, what do you want?” Zain staggers. “Do not tell me you do not know who I am. Humanity has 
been at my worship for millenniums. I am known as their lord, their saviour, yet they insist on destroying themselves. 
I yearn for them to progress as a race yet they fail me time and time again. This is agonizing for me to bear witness to.” 
“What are you talking about? Are you a deity?”
“Ah yes, a deity… some may call me that. But I am the ruler of all things, the lord of life and fire. Eldur.” 
“Eldur?! The God?!” Speechless, Zain recovers and realizes this is who Kuldan warned him about, who the ancients spoke about. 
But Zain knew that he had the strength and might to defeat anyone but a god? Could it be done?
“Yes, Kuldan did mention me. But even he was scared to usher my name. He warned you, yet you progressed with your training 
despite countless challenges. You have sparked my intrigue Zain. Humanity has been destroying itself for centuries and 
I have watched as they do nothing but harm to all others. I however now want to challenge you myself on fair terms, for I am a merciful lord. 
If you defeat me I will give humanity a second chance, I will wipe the slate clean and allow humanity to progress however they see fit. Although, 
if I defeat you, I will have no choice but to end humanity’s tyranny over everything. This is the ultimate test of your abilities” Eldur speaks calmly.
“This is crazy! One person cannot decide the fate of an entire race!”
“Oh, on the contrary my friend. I was going to wipe out humanity before I had even heard your name, but something told me to wait a 
while longer. And then you presented yourself to me, this is merely but a partial entertainment to me.”
“If I am to be humanities last hope, then so be it.” Zain bellows with confidence and a stern voice.
Before Zain, a shadow begins to appear slowly becoming more solid. The shadow then turns a bright red as armour appears on its body. 
Its bright red glowing eyes stare at Zain as a sword of pure fire emerges from its right hand. Zain readies himself for his final battle, can he defeat a god?

<nextPart>“Ugh, this is impossible! I won’t stand for this! What gives you so much strength?!” Eldur says in a muffled voice. 
Zain stares directly into the fiery red eyes, and shouts with all his might “I will not allow myself to die before I have made 
something of myself, I want everyone to know my name, and my tale! I want to become a legend of Theresus!” 
“Incredible, that a passion that burns stronger than any fire can give you so much strength.” Eldur thinks to himself for a few 
moments and then says “So be it, I will allow humanity to live on under your guidance. You will become a legend, but never forget 
what you did today, you defeated a god in fair battle. I will be watching you, and I expect that your life will be most entertaining for me to see it unfold”
Eldur’s fiery ghost reaches forward and touches Zain’s Sword. Flames erupt around the sword and it continues to burn gently, but the 
fire is not hot, it emits a powerful feeling of strength and will. “This is fire of life, may it guide you on your journey.” Eldur speaks. 
“You have bested me and I accept that humanity is possible of doing incredible things. I will return to my realm, but I will be forever 
watching over your kin Zain, Guardian of Fire.”

Congratulations you have beaten Eldur: A Theresian Tale!